# Batch Personalization Output DMO | Personalization Data Model Object Reference

**Source:** https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/marketing/einstein-personalization/guide/batch-personalization-output-dmo.html

---

The Batch Personalization Output Data Model Object (DMO) captures information about the decisions created for a batch personalization.

The API name is automatically generated from the batch personalization name.

Personalization Batch Decision Output Id (Id__c).

Field Name	Field API Name	Description	Data Type
Profile Id	ProfileID__c	The unified individual ID of the record that’s personalized (if available) or the individual ID.	Text
Individual Id	IndividualId__c	The individual identifier used during personalization.	Text
Key Qualifier Personalization Batch Decision Output Id	KQ_Id__c	The internal ID used by Data Cloud for table indexing.	Text
Segment Id	SegmentId__c	The ID of the segment the batch Personalization is run on.	Text
Personalization Point Id	PersonalizationPointId__c	The ID of the personalization point that is used to generate the activation data.	Text
Personalization Point Api Name	PersonalizationPointApiName__c	The API name or developer name of the personalization point that is used to generate the activation data.	Text
Personalization Decision Id	PersonalizationDecisionId__c	The ID of the personalization decision selected in the personalization point that is used to generate the activation data.	Text
Personalization Batch Decision Id	PersonalizationBatchDecisionId__c	The ID of the batch personalization that created the output.	Text
Personalization Id	PersonalizationId__c	The unique identifier for the personalization request that is generated by Personalization.	Text
Last Updated Date Time	LastUpdatedDateTime__c	The date and time when the personalization is performed.	DateTime
Activation Data	ActivationData__c	The JSON payload containing the personalization response returned by the personalization platform for the given individual, unified individual, personalization point, and personalization decision. The JSON payload structure is similar to a standard personalization decision response.	Text
Unified Individual Id	UnifiedIndividualId__c	The unified individual ID of the record that’s personalized.	Text
