# Using Sitemap Builder Tabs

**Source:** https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.persnl_qs_sitemap_bldr_tabs.htm&language=en_US&type=5

---

SALESFORCE PERSONALIZATION
Using Sitemap Builder Tabs

Sitemap builder tabs are organized to help step you through the sitemap creation process. These tabs highlight key configuration steps for the sitemap, as well as important outputs for review.

TAB	WHAT IT DOES
Settings	This tab enables you to define global settings for the sitemap. These settings include the data space selection, logging level, and how the sitemap reacts to URL changes.
Consent Management	Before the Data 360 Web SDK can capture behavioral data for the personalization module to use in personalized decision responses, you must define consent. This tab simplifies alignment of your consent banner to the Data 360 sitemap.
Page Types	Page Types enable you to logically group web pages together that have similar functions on a website. For example, all product pages. This tab enables you to determine what events and data to send from a page to Data 360.
Resolvers	Resolvers are small, reusable functions that extract data values from the page (DOM, URL, storage, or JavaScript context). You define them once and then you can reference them across multiple events and page types. Resolvers enable you to choose the data you want to capture using Element Selection or Custom JavaScript.
Profile Attributes	In addition to item data, an event can also contain information about an individual. By default the SDK captures and sends the deviceId, but you can also provide identifying information, like an email address, that can help assist with real-time identity resolution and create a more durable profile over time.
Events	Events can range from a simple, generic page view to a more complex product purchase or add to cart event containing a number of previously mapped item attributes.
Schema	This tab enables you to review the autogenerated Data 360 schema based on all configured sitemap values.
